what's up guys this is straight-up axes
here I hope you enjoy my new social
experiment video in this experiment I
pretend that my house is being swatted
by the police to see how people will
react ended up getting some amazing
reaction for you guys if you guys
enjoyed make sure to smack the hell out
of that like button I'll see you guys
later
hey guys are you ready there's only ok
there's already my fucking doing well
then go to your fucking door
no just fucking lights I wonder what I
fucking did with that me I can't focus
with that music I'll chill well then
kill yourself oh dude what is wrong with
him is he like is there like a Oh No
Wow bra bra bra
please tell me a let's do this guy's my
shut up shut up shut up everyone shut up
hey hey hey don't touch that that's my
fucking my xbox don't fucking touch my
god that was the cops brah
guy got straight arrested on Xbox Live I
wonder if he got swatted boy it sounds
like you might be one let me back up I
got scared that was intense
well what if he did get swatted oh my
god it's all there oh I bet he did get
swatted but he was all like he was like
like oh crap wait was like maybe it's
just like really fake that was the most
famous fake thing I've ever heard in my
life yeah that was fucking
don't hey stop oh oh oh I think it's
kind of funny because on the longest
front of his shirt says FBI
oh I have no idea Bobby did you guys
hear that was central Georgia I think
that's real he said friend called the
police on for Wendy's and then the
police charged oh I'm very scared but
this is a troll I'll be honest
pthey unplug his microphone send him a
friend request get ready for the next
one oh it's already my friends I guess
yeah he's my friend right now pretty
sure this is a troll it says right here
I do social experiments on Xbox still
subscribe to straight-up axes
controllers guys trolling because he has
a youtube channel he does social
experiments on Xbox Live protect the
objectives
did you send you a message no okay so I
checked his profile and it said he does
social experiments on xbox and go
subscribe to his YouTube channel